I like the current Shiv Trading Agency app and I do NOT want to rebuild or redesign it.

The Replit mobile app is currently working through Expo Go and the app has already been published/previewed at:

https://shiv-trading-hub--satyaprakashcri.replit.app

I now need an INSTALLABLE ANDROID APK from the EXISTING PROJECT.

Please do the following:

1. Keep the current Shiv Trading Agency app exactly as it is visually.
2. Keep all existing screens, branding, product catalogue, WhatsApp button, Call button and navigation.
3. Do not rebuild the app from scratch.
4. Configure the existing Expo/React Native project for an Android APK build.
5. Create an APK build profile using:
   android.buildType = "apk"
   or another correct Expo/EAS configuration that produces a directly installable .apk.
6. Make sure the Android application name is:
   Shiv Trading Agency
7. Use the current app icon.
8. Use a proper Android package/application ID such as:
   com.shivtradingagency.app
   if that ID is available and appropriate.
9. Build an installable RELEASE APK, not just an Expo Go preview.
10. If EAS Build is required, configure eas.json correctly.
11. Run the Android build.
12. Fix any build/configuration errors automatically.
13. When the build succeeds, give me the direct download link/location for the generated .apk file.
14. Do NOT publish to Google Play.
15. Do NOT tell me to use Expo Go as the final solution.
16. I specifically need the actual .apk file that I can download and install directly on an Android phone.

If the current Replit plan cannot perform the cloud APK build because of a usage/build limit, DO NOT modify or delete the existing app.

Instead:
- prepare all required APK build configuration files in the project,
- tell me exactly what is preventing the build,
- and provide the exact command/configuration needed to build the APK outside Replit.

The priority is to preserve the current working app and obtain a standalone Android .apk.